vergeet niet dat je ook nog uml moet maken
en die shit sharen met die guys.

dont forget to refactor for this. stuff
and remove summaries
and add sumaries
and maybe add some itnerfaces for SOLId reasons.
and look at the liskof meme

possibly consider making the pool more generic with T but that 
is a pain in the ass for gameobjects tbh.
maybe add some more sounds for testing reasons. you could also just add more stuff in general etc etc.

is deze code overdraagbaar et etc ?? 
what about weapon swapping?
more interfaces ??

i want to have a branch called source wherein i only want to show the things
in the scirpt folder and NO META FILES !!

given that in unity there is almost never object pooling for non gameobjects
because everything be a gameobject, ya know ?

Motivate your choice of design patterns in relation to the gameplay system's design challenges.
this means like: shooting system has a lot of varing guns and extentions
and the gun also has some states which interact in interesting ways.

Seek to build the functionality only insofar as it is necessary to design the implementation. 

i think the object pool is gonna be the touchest cooky here.
in the sense that its about game objects and not erm classes ya know?
how can i make the object pool support both plain classes AND gameobjects?

furthermore, the state mahcine and inputs are quite expansive, ranging from weapon switching
and insepcting. i basically need to have these states:

ready state / idlestate
reloading state
switching state
isnepcting state
removing silencer state.

11 may : 

maybe add some sound

i think weapon swapping would be the most complciated
but also the coolest tbh.

===

make suer all the yeets are in namespaces.


make sure to remove all unused scripts for clarity.

the decorator needs to be like the one from equilbruium.

make sure to not include text mesh pro because is laggy ish.
maybe for input we can look at oobserver instead of command
but i feel like in this context command is better becasue obserover
has eventmanger connotiations.

also need to make sure the object pool is fine tuned for gameobject specifically,
we are still useing unity here after all so yeah. also look to keep the code somewhat SOLID.

===

i want to make it so that
i have custom bidnigns input
and then cool decorator for the gun and 
then objectpool for the gameobjects of the bullets
and then FSM cocnept which i already have somewhat for the reloading
and silencer remover.

the inputs of the state machine would prolly be the key presses /
shoot
reload
silencer

or some other action

maybe inspect even.